Cloudwatch: ListMetrics API page limit (#31788)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

If this option is disabled, the **Assume Role** and the **External Id** field are removed from the AWS data source configuration page. If the plugin is configured using provisioning, it is possible to use an assumed role as long as `assume_role_enabled` is set to `true`.

### list_metrics_page_limit

> The [List Metrics API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/APIReference/API_ListMetrics.html) is used to load metrics for custom namespaces in the CloudWatch data source. By default the page limit is 500.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [List Metrics API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/APIReference/API_ListMetrics.html) option to load metrics for custom namespaces in the CloudWatch data source. By default, the page limit is 500.
```
